---
title: 'Privacy Policy'
layout: '~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
---

_Last updated_: April 21, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Developer** (referred to as either "the Developer", "I", "Me" or "My" in this Agreement) refers to the individual developer of Search1API.
- **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the Website.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- **Website** refers to Search1API, accessible from [https://search1api.com](https://search1api.com)
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address

### Use of Your Personal Data

The Developer may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- **To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- **To contact You:** To contact You by email regarding updates or informative communications related to the Service, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The Developer will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. 

## Delete Your Personal Data 

You have the right to delete or request that I assist in deleting the Personal Data that I have collected about You.

You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by contacting me.

Please note, however, that I may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data

The Developer will not share Your Personal Data with any third party.

## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Me, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While I strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

I may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. I will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact the Developer 

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact the Developer:

- By email: system@sum4all.site